---
title: "Module 15 Learning Report"
date: 2020-11-29T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

#### I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management.
- I feel distinguished in my ability to identify concepts of content management. Previous assignments have taught me the different types of content shaping. I would say this was one of the harder concepts for me to grasp. Last week, we explored multichannel content distribution which is a big concept for advertising content. Our readings openend my eyes to ways I did not think of content being distributed in the ways Barker mentioned. I also learned about RSS which is a plugin creators can use to help listeners recieve their content as it is published in their preferred way. I learned that RSS is something I see quite often on store websites and content distributors. After seeing the symbol, I realize this is a very popular way to distribute content.

#### I can describe and compare content management systems.
- With my frequent use of Hugo and WordPress, I am able to identify concepts that I enjoy using better on what platform than another. One of my favorite features on WordPress is the ease of installing plugins and editing the site in an editing view. WordPress offers a library of extensions that creators can explore to find plugins that are compatiable and beneficial to their site. I also have grown to like WordPress's ease of visual editing. It is very clear to edit in your blog post and see how the overall viewing page is going to be affected. I feel that I have been exposed to several different CMS's with many different features. One of my favorite features of CMS that I learned throughout this course is how customizable your site can be. Adding plugins, changing the theme are ways that we practiced in class to update our class site.

#### I can manage content using established workflows.
- Each week, my team discusses in class, virtually or in-person, how we are going to complete our assignments that week. We continue to successfully use our workflow to complete our given tasks each week. We establish roles on Monday and usually chat about progress on Thursday. Since being tasked with our extra team project, we chat a little bit more about which plug-ins we decide to install, for example. This week, we should be working on our end of the year projects and reaching out to our team members early in the week if we need help. In Teams, we assigned due dates and tasks to our team where we get reminders about upcoming due dates.

#### I can identify and employ technologies related to content management.
- Last week, I was tasked with exploring useful plugins for our WordPress site. I found plugins that enhanced security on WordPress sites. For sites that are requesting sensitive information, we may want to add two-factor authentification capabilities. For our blog site, this wouldn't be of much use since our information does not need to have that much protection. Plug-ins can enhance the experience for your site visitors and increase security of their information. I enjoyed learning about plugin features so much that I decided that is what I wanted to focused my annotated definitions project on. They can make such a big difference for users and have been a big focus of this class.

#### I can find and use resources for self-directed learning.
- For our final project assignments, I chose to use security plug-ins as my second annotated definition. I think these are extrememly important to small business websites and easy to install. I would like to show a video tutorial of how WordPress plug-ins can be installed.  I will have to research new resources until I find the right plug-in I want to show the installation process on. For my project in ICT202, I am thinking about the use that small businesses can use to communicate with their customers through extensions. A few weeks ago, learning about RSS taught me how content creators can add an extension to help distribute their content easily.
